All licenses for the code in this package are free licenses.

Unless stated otherwise, the code in this package (named Pirate Pack or
piratepack) is released into the public domain as decribed in
licenses/LICENSE_default. (CC0)

The package libevent-2.0.16-stable.tar.gz has license described in
licenses/LICENSE_libevent. (3-clause BSD)

The package openssl-1.0.0f.tar.gz has license described in
licenses/LICENSE_openssl. (BSD-style)

The package polipo-1.0.4.tar.gz has license described in
licenses/LICENSE_polipo. (MIT)

The package tor-0.2.2.35.tar.gz has license described in
licenses/LICENSE_tor. (BSD-style)

The package vidalia-0.2.17.tar.gz has license described in
licenses/LICENSE_vidalia. (GPL-style)

The package i2psource_0.8.13-mod.tar.bz2 has license described in
licenses/LICENSE_i2p. (various free licenses)

The package JRobinLite-1.5.9.1.tar.gz has license described in
licenses/LICENSE_JRobinLite. (LGPL)

The package wrapper_3.5.13_src.tar.gz has license described in
licenses/LICENSE_wrapper. (GPL2)

The package bitcoin-bitcoin-v0.6.0-0-ga1c3d8f.tar.gz has license described in
licenses/LICENS_bitcoin. (MIT)

The package boost_1_46_1.tar.gz has license described in
licenses/LICENSE_boost. (MIT)

The package db-4.8.30.tar.gz has license described in
licenses/LICENSE_db. (BSD-style)

The package miniupnpc-1.6.tar.gz has license described in
licenses/LICENSE_miniupnpc. (BSD-style)

The package qrencode-3.2.0.tar.gz has license described in
licenses/LICENSE_qrencode. (LGPL)

The files with PNG extension in the directories in piratepack/src/setup have
been created using logos owned by the owners of the packages
tor-0.2.2.35.tar.gz, vidalia-0.2.17.tar.gz, i2psource_0.8.13-mod.tar.bz2,
bitcoin-bitcoin-v0.6.0-0-ga1c3d8f.tar.gz in Pirate Pack, and, firefox,
pidgin in one of the standard Ubuntu repositories, and,
https://whyweprotest.net/community/threads/request-for-v-for-vendetta-mask-in-
vector-format.96865/.

The Firefox addon {b9db16a4-6edc-47ec-a1f4-b86292ed211d}.xpi has license
described in http://www.downloadhelper.net.

The Firefox addon bloodyvikings@ffs.bplaced.net.xpi has license described in
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/bloody-vikings/.

The Firefox addon {d10d0bf8-f5b5-c8b4-a8b2-2b9879e08c5d}.xpi has license
described in http://adblockplus.org/.

The Firefox addon firefox@ghostery.com.xpi has license described in
http://www.ghostery.com/.

The Firefox addon https-everywhere@eff.org.xpi has license described in
https://www.eff.org/https-everywhere.

The Firefox addon {73a6fe31-595d-460b-a920-fcc0f8843232}.xpi has license
described in http://noscript.net.

The Firefox addon {e0204bd5-9d31-402b-a99d-a6aa8ffebdca}.xpi has license
described in https://www.torproject.org/torbutton/.

The files named purple.tar.gz are based on the local settings directory that is
generated by Pidgin (package named pidgin in Ubuntu's standard repositories).

The file ppcavpn.png is based on the logo of the Pirate Party of Canada, whose
trademark policies you may view at https://pirateparty.ca.

The logo files with PNG extension in piratepack/src/share/graphics are based
upon https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:The_Pirate_Bay_logo.svg.

The files in piratepack/src/share/graphics/backgrounds have licenses described
in https://www.pirateparty.ca/forum/index.php?topic=1876.0, which has been
cached to licenses/LICENSE_backgrounds_1.html.

The file piratepack/src/share/theme/background.jpg was taken from
http://www.wallpapersland.net/2011/12/15/pirate-ship-and-sunset/pirate-ship-
and-sunset/.

Signed,
Andrew K
admin@piratelinux.org
